content/about/index.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/base.njk
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 1
---
# About

_Note: this page, as most of the website, is still a work in progress._

I am Andrea (he/him), an archaeologist with a lot (maybe too many) interests. 

## Work

I currently work at the [University of Turin](https://www.unito.it) as a researcher (actually post-doctoral research associate, but I'll spare you all the weird namings we have for people working in academia). Here I do computer-based work inside a larger project. My job is to take ancient-settlement data (location and size, mostly), and do spatial and quantitative/statistical analyses on them. In the past (and currently as well) I also did remote-sensing work, which means gathering and analyzing satellite images to inspect the archaeological landscape. In particular, I worked a lot with declassified satellite images. I am a landscape archaeologist, which means my interest go beyond a single archaeological site, to inspect larger areas and regions with their elements (the "archaeological landscape"). Enough with the work, for that there is my [academic website](https://andreatitolo.com).

## Hobbies and Interests

I have lots of interests but none of them should probably be called "hobbies", as I do not cultivate them regularly.

I like computers, I enjoy using them and learn tech stuff about them. I like tech in general and learning techie things is something that really stick with me every day.

I like to learn new things and explore and reading about stuff I don't know and then try and experiment with it.I also like to share what I know, which is why I like teaching, however in a more informal way (I find being behind a desk and just talk really boring).

I like video games a lot, especially those with a historical focus. In general I play mostly strategy game, either RTS, 4X or Grand Strategy. Some of my favorites are e.g. the Civilization Series, Age of Empires Series, Total War series and almost everything Paradox and Creative Assembly develop (Crusader Kings II/III being my absolute favorites together with most of the Warhammer/Rome Total War). I also like soulslike games (e.g the Dark Souls series), as I do enjoy the world-building, level design, challenging gameplay and (not always) good rewards gameplay-wise. Last but not least are RPG Games, here should I mention Skyrim? I will mention Skyrim. Skyrim is **THE** best and many games should learn from it. Sorry Obi-Wan, on Skyrim I deal in absolutes.

I like reading. I cannot focus on one book at the time recently, unless that book really catch my undivided attention. I enjoy mostly genres like fantasy and sci-fi, and I used to enjoy historical novels, but it's been a while since I engaged with them. Recently I am reading a lot of non-fiction books and papers (at least I'm starting them).

Other things I like ar tv-shows and movies, Star Wars and Lord of the Rings universes, Star Trek (kind of all the nerdy stuff), and I enjoy watching anime as well.

# Quick facts

- Born and grew up in Rome, Italy.
- Still living here (but planning to move before the end of the year).
- Got my PhD in Western Asia Archaeology in 2020 (yay!)
- Speaks Italian and English, the latter fluently but I guess in a weirdly academic way.
- I am absolutely terrible at any form of creative work and I admire any creative person as a wizard of our times.
- I tend to become obsessed with one thing that catch my interest, learn everything about it and then leave it forever without having done much with it.

# About this site

This site is built using [11ty (eleventy)](https://www.11ty.dev/) and is hosted on [netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). I am still very new to web development and I definitely can't call myself a programmer/developer, so while I try to keep things as minimal as possible, there will be some improvements needed regarding optimisation and stuff. 

For this reason, this site is highly susceptible to change as I learn new stuff and implement (and likely break) new things. Or, on the other hand, I might lose interest and just keep it this way...no idea, but that's the fun part.

# RSS

You can follow the blog using your preferred rss feed reader by copying [the feed link](/feed/feed.xml).

# Social

As many people of my age, I tried most social networks. It was a good ride at the beginning, but a degrading experience over time drew me away from mainstream social media. I quit twitter in February 2023 and I am now only active on Mastodon, specifically on the <a rel="me" href="https://archaeo.social/@andreatitolo">archaeo.social instance</a>

# More about me

- [Now](/now): what I am focusing on at this point in my life.
- [Uses](/uses): hardware and software I use every day.
- [Links](/links): blogs I like to read and websites I generally like.

# More about this blog

- [Credits](/credits): Inspirations for the site, stats and info.
- [Site info](/credits/#site): stats and details about the site.
- [Privacy and Copyright](/credits/#privacy): privacy notice and copyright.

Commit message:

add image to about page

content/about/index.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/base.njk
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 1
---
# About

_Note: this page, as most of the website, is still a work in progress._

I am Andrea (he/him), an archaeologist with a lot (maybe too many) interests. 

{% image "./about.webp", "A half-body picture of me on a bridge. Water underneath and colored houses in the background", "img-centered", "100vw" %}

## Work

I currently work at the [University of Turin](https://www.unito.it) as a researcher (actually post-doctoral research associate, but I'll spare you all the weird namings we have for people working in academia). Here I do computer-based work inside a larger project. My job is to take ancient-settlement data (location and size, mostly), and do spatial and quantitative/statistical analyses on them. In the past (and currently as well) I also did remote-sensing work, which means gathering and analyzing satellite images to inspect the archaeological landscape. In particular, I worked a lot with declassified satellite images. I am a landscape archaeologist, which means my interest go beyond a single archaeological site, to inspect larger areas and regions with their elements (the "archaeological landscape"). Enough with the work, for that there is my [academic website](https://andreatitolo.com).

## Hobbies and Interests

I have lots of interests but none of them should probably be called "hobbies", as I do not cultivate them regularly.

I like computers, I enjoy using them and learn tech stuff about them. I like tech in general and learning techie things is something that really stick with me every day.

I like to learn new things and explore and reading about stuff I don't know and then try and experiment with it.I also like to share what I know, which is why I like teaching, however in a more informal way (I find being behind a desk and just talk really boring).

I like video games a lot, especially those with a historical focus. In general I play mostly strategy game, either RTS, 4X or Grand Strategy. Some of my favorites are e.g. the Civilization Series, Age of Empires Series, Total War series and almost everything Paradox and Creative Assembly develop (Crusader Kings II/III being my absolute favorites together with most of the Warhammer/Rome Total War). I also like soulslike games (e.g the Dark Souls series), as I do enjoy the world-building, level design, challenging gameplay and (not always) good rewards gameplay-wise. Last but not least are RPG Games, here should I mention Skyrim? I will mention Skyrim. Skyrim is **THE** best and many games should learn from it. Sorry Obi-Wan, on Skyrim I deal in absolutes.

I like reading. I cannot focus on one book at the time recently, unless that book really catch my undivided attention. I enjoy mostly genres like fantasy and sci-fi, and I used to enjoy historical novels, but it's been a while since I engaged with them. Recently I am reading a lot of non-fiction books and papers (at least I'm starting them).

Other things I like ar tv-shows and movies, Star Wars and Lord of the Rings universes, Star Trek (kind of all the nerdy stuff), and I enjoy watching anime as well.

# Quick facts

- Born and grew up in Rome, Italy.
- Still living here (but planning to move before the end of the year).
- Got my PhD in Western Asia Archaeology in 2020 (yay!)
- Speaks Italian and English, the latter fluently but I guess in a weirdly academic way.
- I am absolutely terrible at any form of creative work and I admire any creative person as a wizard of our times.
- I tend to become obsessed with one thing that catch my interest, learn everything about it and then leave it forever without having done much with it.

# About this site

This site is built using [11ty (eleventy)](https://www.11ty.dev/) and is hosted on [netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). I am still very new to web development and I definitely can't call myself a programmer/developer, so while I try to keep things as minimal as possible, there will be some improvements needed regarding optimisation and stuff. 

For this reason, this site is highly susceptible to change as I learn new stuff and implement (and likely break) new things. Or, on the other hand, I might lose interest and just keep it this way...no idea, but that's the fun part.

# RSS

You can follow the blog using your preferred rss feed reader by copying [the feed link](/feed/feed.xml).

# Social

As many people of my age, I tried most social networks. It was a good ride at the beginning, but a degrading experience over time drew me away from mainstream social media. I quit twitter in February 2023 and I am now only active on Mastodon, specifically on the <a rel="me" href="https://archaeo.social/@andreatitolo">archaeo.social instance</a>

# More about me

- [Now](/now): what I am focusing on at this point in my life.
- [Uses](/uses): hardware and software I use every day.
- [Links](/links): blogs I like to read and websites I generally like.

# More about this blog

- [Credits](/credits): Inspirations for the site, stats and info.
- [Site info](/credits/#site): stats and details about the site.
- [Privacy and Copyright](/credits/#privacy): privacy notice and copyright.
